Since Mr. Ye has decided
I also respect your opinion.
But let me warn you
My family doesn't talk very well
Please look at my face then
Don't talk nonsense.
I'll go and prepare a gift for grandma later.
To quell the anger of grandma and the others
Since it has been certified
Don't you feel like calling me Mr. Ye?
A little rusty?
Hello, the master wants to enter
Take out that red sandalwood box in my treasure room
Glory Sendai, right?
Back to the main Sendai, there is another bottle.
The Lord wants to drink, right?
Then I'll ask for two more bottles from the sky
No need to give a gift
gift giving
The Lord's face is the greatest gift
Why give gifts?
Hairy foot son-in-law comes to the door for the first time
You can't just walk away empty-handed.